Add auto_configure privilege (#59243)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/security/authorization/privileges.asciidoc

includes <<ccr-post-forget-follower,forgetting a follower>>. This
privilege is necessary only on clusters that contain leader indices.

`managed_admin_ops`::

> Permits auto-creation of indices and data streams only if a template covering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Permits auto-creation of indices and data streams only if an index template matching
```

> the requested name exists. An auto-create action is the result of an index or
> bulk request on a non-existent index or data stream rather than an explicit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the requested name exists. An auto-create action is the result of an <<docs-index_,index>> or
<<docs-bulk,bulk>> request that targets a non-existent index or data stream rather than an explicit
```

> create index or create data stream request. Also permits auto-update of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<<indices-create-index,create index>> or <<indices-create-data-stream,create data stream>> request. Also permits auto-update of
```

> mappings on indices and data streams if they do not contradict any existing
> mappings on the index or data stream. An auto-update mapping action is the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mappings on indices and data streams if they do not contradict existing
mappings. An auto-update mapping action is the
```

result of an index or bulk request on an index or data stream that contains

> new fields that may be mapped rather than an explicit put mapping request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
new fields that may be mapped rather than an explicit <<indices-put-mapping,put mapping>> request.
```
